Add relative paths prefix when converting from URDF content (#159)
cyberbotics/urdf2webots: README.md

  - **--init-pos=JointPositions**: Set the initial positions of your robot joints. Example: `--init-pos="[1.2, 0.5, -1.5]"` would set the first 3 joints of your robot to the specified values, and leave the rest with their default value.
  - **--link-to-def**: Creates a DEF with the link name for each solid to be able to access it using getFromProtoDef(defName) (for PROTO conversion only).
  - **--joint-to-def**: Creates a DEF with the joint name for each joint to be able to access it using getFromProtoDef(defName) (for PROTO conversion only).

>   - **--relative-path-prefix**: If set and **--input** not specified, relative paths present in your URDF file will get this prefix. Example: `filename="head.obj"` with `--relative-path-prefix="/home/user/myRobot/"` will became `filename="/home/user/myRobot/head.obj"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **--relative-path-prefix**: If **--input** is not set, the relative paths in your URDF file sent through stdin will use this prefix. For example: `filename="head.obj"` with `--relative-path-prefix="/home/user/myRobot/"` will become `filename="/home/user/myRobot/head.obj"`.
```
